Are you looking at me like this?
nothing. You go down first.
My sister-in-law is really decent.
Let the whole family wait for you.
Dad, Dad, you don’t have to wait for me anymore.
Just eat first. What are those words. It's a family.
Of course it will be a miracle. I heard about you,
Go to the Cross-Strait Hospital to accompany Yunlan. I often read simple books to him.
This little thing is not worth mentioning.
I can marry you. What a blessing for Yunlan.
You should spend more time with Yunlan on weekdays.
It turns out that if I wake up
Mom will never treat you badly
It turns out there is some relief there
OK, eat it
If I remember correctly
It's talking about a vegetative state, right?
It must be someone else's family that is laughing.
It’s also taking care of people in a vegetative state, so what’s the difference?